# Warmane Icecrown Auction Data

Determine the profitability of each recipe for each profession
for each faction on the 3.3.5a Icecrown server.

## Pricing

In the `csv` directory is a computed list of crafting profitability
by profession + faction.  In some cases the automatic parsing
of items to professions fails.  When this happens, items may appear
in the `Unknown` profession.  I try to manually update these when
I notice them if they're profitable.

Not all crafting recipes are shown.  If we cannot figure out a
price for a crafting component or the result item, we omit the entire
thing.

Cost to craft includes knowledge about which items are generally
bought from vendors.

Enchanting includes the hidden cost of 
Weapon/Armor Vellums.  However, I was unable to programatically
determine the tier of vellum required, so it's based off best-guess
of the resulting item level enchant.  To stay conservative on 
these guesses, I chose to omit tier 1 vellums entirely.  Low-level
enchants are tier 2, and high-level enchants are tier 3.

Pricing is determined off the past 14 days where there is data.
The lowest buyout value is heavily favored.  Outliers are thrown out,
and the lowest buyout sets the price.  It's far from perfect,
but without knowledge of actual sales it's impossible to determine
how much something is worth.

## Scan Data

In the `cron` directory you'll find dumps of auction house scans
for both Horde and Alliance on Warmane - Icecrown.  We attempt
to fetch this data twice a day, but are not always successful.

This data format is generated by Auctioneer.

## LUA Scripts

Also included are two LUA scripts used to convert the scans into
usable json.
